Pep up the step, let's go.
Liam.
Do I know you?
My name's Jamie Reagan.
Officer Jamie Reagan.
Sergeant now, yeah.
I figured you could use a ride
back to the city.
There's no way in hell
I'm catching a ride
with the guy that put me
away in the first place.
I don't see anyone else around
here offering you a ride.
A bus works fine.
Is that bus offering a hot meal
and a couple drinks?
So, come on, you want to ride
that bus
back to the city or hop in?
Come on.
What do we got?
Male, about 60.
Found DOA this morning.
You know those chess hustlers
that hang out around here?
Of course.
Apparently, he
was one of them.
We got a name?
Shawn Hutchins.
According to the guys
that hang around here,
he goes by the
nickname "Shy."
Shy.
Any signs
of a struggle?
None.
All right, we got it from here.
Where is he?
Is that my dad?
Whoa.
Hey, hey.
Who are you?
Eric. Is that my dad?
Please, I got to see him.
Okay.
It's him. Oh, God.
What happened?
We don't know yet.
Was he murdered?
We don't know that either.
Well, he didn't just crawl
into those bushes
and have a heart attack.
Do you know if your
dad ever used drugs?
No, of course not.
Are you sure about that?
Yes. He came here
every day to play chess,
not... shoot heroin.
Can you think of anyone who
would want to hurt your dad?
No. Uh, the way this city
is these days,
could've been anyone.
You got to find
who did this to him.
We'll do our best.
Good to see you.
Thank you so much
for coming.
Come on, I'll see
you next week, okay?
Yes, ma'am. Come on now.
Always styling.
Looking sharp.
Thank you, Pastor.
God bless you,
thank you so much.
Thank you, Pastor.
Excellent sermon.
Talk to you next week. Okay?
All right, sounds good.
Yes, sir. See you.
Madam D.A.
Oh, please, I'm just
a bureau chief, Pastor Clay.
For now.
Well, I-I caught
some of the service.
The sermon and the music
was just beautiful.
Thank you, thank you.
But I can assure
I did not have you come all the
way to Harlem for a compliment.
Walk with me?
I've done my research,
Ms. Reagan.
And I know the one thing
you might value more than
justice and the law is family.
My family needs your help.
Ten months ago,
my nephew Devon was arrested.
For?
The particulars
don't matter.
You'll be able to read
all about it in his file.
What matters is
how the arrest
has been tearing
my family apart.
What are you
asking of me?
To look into it,
give us some clarity.
Clarity? Well, that's
something his defense attorney
should be able to provide.
No, I've asked.
The public defender.
The lawyer we hired
to replace him.
The prosecutor on the case.
Now I'm asking you.
No favors
or preferential treatment.
Just some answers.
And in return, your good deed
won't go unnoticed.
I'm sure you've done
research of your own.
I have, yeah.
And so you know
I shepherd
one of the biggest
congregations in the city.
That comes with
a lot of influence.
You mean voters.
It's not a secret
that you're planning
to run for D.A.
If you can shed some
light on the situation,
I would be more
than appreciative.
Sir, do you have
a minute for Sid?
We already had
our morning briefing.
He say what it's about?
He did not.
He seems a little fidgety.
Oh?
Okay, let's see why.
Hey, Sid.
Hey, boss.
Thanks for seeing me.
By the way, that a new suit?
No.
Oh, well, looks new.
Uh, there's this, uh, thing
I thought maybe you could
help me out with.
It's a woman, actually.
Well, not just a woman,
I mean a detective.
I mean the detective is a woman.
This detective have a name?
Laura Acosta.
I worked with her at the 5-4.
Great detective, tough as nails.
So she's tough as nails and...?
She got hurt on the job
a few years back.
A car crash while
pursuing a perp.
She wakes up in pain
every day now.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah. Thing is,
she needs to retire.
Has to retire,
on account of the pain.
And there it is.
But the medical board
won't give her full disability.
They see her going back to work
as a way of disqualifying her.
Sid, full disability
is only given
under exceptional circumstances.
As you know.
I know, it's like hitting
the lotto.
Six figures a year,
tax-free forever.
But I think this is
one of those circumstances.
And I thought maybe you could
talk to the board on her behalf.
This woman pretty?
Oh, come on.
It's a simple question.
Well, you know, she's easy
on the eyes, yeah.
And just how well
did you know her?
No, no, y-you got it
all wrong, boss, I swear.
Well, then set me straight.
I knew this was a bad idea.
What was a bad idea?
The thing is, the ask
isn't coming from me.
It's coming from Danny Reagan.
This can't be it.
It is.
When I lived here,
this was a liquor store
with bulletproof glass
so thick I had to
yell to get Four Lokos.
Now it's... a gin shop?
Tasting room.
That's even worse.
The neon sign,
the flowers.
Is there someplace else
that I can take you?
So, first you put me away and
now you want to be my chauffeur?
I'm not a charity
case, you know.
I know you're not
a charity case.
But between
you and me...
I always felt
like the sentencing
that you got was harsher
than what you deserved.
You and me both.
I was a rookie cop, you
were one of my first collars.
Second-degree robbery.
So you want a prize?
You were this close
to cooperating
with the investigation.
I should've made sure that
you went through with it.
But instead...
I stood back as you got
railroaded by the prosecutor.
Ten years for being a lookout,
I should've said something.
And instead you racked up
the promotions
while I rotted away
behind bars.
"Rotted away"? You ran
the biggest card game
on your cell block.
And I have it on good authority
that you traded more resources
than the commissary.
Some would say
you ran the place.
Were you keeping tabs on me?
Actually, I was.
So, how about a drink?
Where
you running to, Harry Potter?
You can't move there.
Nope, can't hide there either.
Gotcha.
You played too timid,
you got to take more chances.
I'll see you next time.
All right?
Mind if we get next game?
Have a seat.
Thank you.
So you must be
the legendary Saint Nick.
That's right.
Heard you're the one
who found Shawn's body.
Shy's?
Yes, Shy. Yeah.
It was horrible.
You notice anything
unusual before that?
Other than the body? No.
You seem like
the mayor around here.
Do you know if anybody else
maybe saw something?
Look, Shy got that nickname
for a reason.
He never talked to nobody.
Even the people
he played against.
Hell, I don't even think
he talked
to own son for,
I don't know, years.
He and Eric didn't talk?
No, they was on bad terms.
How bad?
What I hear, Shy wrote
him out of his will.
Really?
That's right.
So when I tell you
that no one really knew
what was going on with him,
that is the truth.
No one saw anything,
no one knows anything.
Okay.
And that's all
I got to say to you.
We'll play you next time.
Mm-hmm.
Detective Acosta, sir.
Commissioner.
Thank you for the invitation.
Thanks for coming up.
Please have a seat.
Lieutenant.
Hey, Laura.
So...
23 years on the job,
made detective five years
out of the academy,
Detective First Grade
ten years after that...
with a pile of commendations
along the way. Well done.
Got lucky with some
good partners, sir.
Could you walk us
through what happened?
Well, I could limp you
through what happened.
She's still got it.
We were pursuing a perp
Queens-bound on the BQE.
When I hit the
lights, he gunned it
and swerved in front
of a tractor trailer.
The truck driver
reacted and turned
into us, sandwiching us between
the truck and the median.
My partner walked
away from it.
But for me it was six months
before I walked again.
And six more months before
I returned to full duty.
And how is the pain now?
Some days bad, some days worse.
I never wanted to retire
this young, but...
even sitting at the desk for
a full tour has become too much.
Sorry to hear that.
Commissioner, can I ask what,
what exactly we're doing here?
Well, you sacrificed
for this department.
I wanted to hear how.
How or how much?
Just how.
You meet with every detective
who gets injured on the job?
Look, this may be out of line.
If it is,
you don't have to answer.
Um...
How well do you know
Detective Reagan?
We've been in the same squad
for the last ten years,
so... pretty well.
I figured it was his guilt
that brought me in here.
What's that mean?
I covered some of Danny's cases
and picked up some of his tours
when he was taking time
after his wife died.
The case I was on the night of
the accident was actually his.
I never blamed him
for a second, but...
I think he always
blamed himself.
So, we spoke to a few of the
chess players at the park.
They told us you haven't
spoken to your dad in years.
Yeah. Seven years at least.
That's a long time.
You two must've had
a real falling out.
Yeah. Yeah, we grew
apart, I guess.
Is that your way of saying that
he wrote you out of his will?
Wait, how did you know
about that?
Well, the chess players
didn't tell us much,
but they told
us that much.
So, what?
That makes me a suspect?
Not necessarily,
but you did show up
to the crime scene
kind of quick
for someone who's not been
in touch for all these years.
One of the guys called me.
Look...
my dad and I had
our differences,
but he was still my dad.
So, what happened
to you two?
He was an immigrant.
And very religious.
I grew up a New Yorker.
When I started
living with my wife
before we were
married, he lost it.
Said all sorts of stuff
about her, and me.
Said we were going to hell.
And the two of you never
tried to reconcile things?
He tried.
He started writing letters
to me a few years back.
I never read 'em.
But you never threw 'em out
either, did you?
Eric, would you mind if we took
a look at the letters?
You sure you don't want
to read them first?
What I want is to help
find who did this.
Okay.
You said those guys in the park
weren't talking?
Right.
Let me try.
No. No way.
I've known them
since I was a kid.
We still speak
the same language.
I can help.
Please.
You want to tell me what's going
on with Devon Clay?
I met his uncle and he thinks
the case is being mishandled.
Pastor Clay's a powerful guy.
You're trying to get
on his good side?
What makes you say that?
'Cause you're not the only one.
I went to pull
the case file
and I saw that someone
beat me to it.
Who?
Manhattan District Attorney
Kimberly Crawford,
aka your soon-to-be
opponent for D.A.
So, whatever game
you're playing,
she's playing it, too.
What can I get you?
A Vesper martini.
Shaken, not stirred.
Same.
Bond martini? Really?
Bond movies were my favorite
to watch on movie nights inside.
I always wanted to try one.
All right.
So, who is this really about?
Washington, Russo or Marshall?
Who said anything
about those...?
My gut.
Russo.
I'm no snitch.
What's wrong?
That ain't right.
Too much vermouth,
not enough vodka,
and no gin whatsoever.
I've seen my fair share
of Bond movies.
Hey, excuse me.
Uh, this drink's wrong.
It's a martini.
We ordered the Vesper.
Yeah, the Bond martini, it ain't
on the menu.
Well, you should've told me that
when I ordered it.
Well, I'm telling you now.
Hey, hey.
We got a problem here?
No, no, there's no problem.
We just want you
to make the drink.
Sit down or I'm gonna
call the police.
Hey, I am the police.
So, can you make
the drink or not?
I can handle myself.
I know you can, but you're
not on the inside anymore.
You think
I don't know that?
Then act like it.
And have a little
faith in simple favors.
I need to
speak with you.
I have exactly one minute
before my next meeting. Uh...
I need the Devon Clay
case file.
Doesn't ring a bell.
Pastor Clay's
nephew, of Harlem.
The Lenox Tabernacle.
Is that so?
Are you really gonna pretend
like you don't know?
What are you doing, Erin?
I'm looking for answers.
Not here.
Then where?
Because you have ignored
my last three phone calls.
I mean, what the hell
is going on here?
What's going on...
is that you've made me
late for my meeting
with the mayor's office.
Mind if I play?
Sure, five bucks, five minutes.
You want white or... black?
I'll take black.
I think you'll need
the advantage.
Wow. Eric.
It's been years.
We thought we'd bring
a more worthy opponent
for a man of your skill set.
These detectives say
you know something about
what happened to my father.
That's funny 'cause I told 'em
I didn't know a thing.
You can lie to
us all you want,
but you're really
gonna sit here
and lie to Shy's son?
Come on, Nick.
If you saw something,
you got to tell me, please.
You're gonna end up getting
somebody else killed,
you know that, right?
Not if you can help us
find whoever did this.
There's been a gang...
hanging in the park recently.
Ace Double Treys.
Shook down one
of the guys last week.
And I seen 'em
out here dealing
more and more frequently.
Shy have any run-ins with them?
Yes. Used to hang out
with one of 'em.
What?
What do you mean by hanging out?
Talk and play chess.
He was the only guy
Shy would talk to,
or else I wouldn't have noticed.
My dad didn't consort
with gangbangers.
How would you know?
Now, I've given you all I got.
No, you haven't.
We need a name
and/or a description.
If they find out
I been snitching,
I'm gonna end up like Shy.
So don't say another word to us.
Just talk to Eric.
Finally gonna tell me
what the hell is going on?
You should know better
than to try to have
that kind of conversation
in the middle of the bullpen.
Pastor Clay offer you
his endorsement?
He offered me one, too.
Smart move.
He's playing us
against each other.
That could be so, but no more
talking about this in public.
Unless you want to sink
both of our prospects
of getting elected.
So now what?
Is it "may the best woman win"?
Or are we gonna
actually work together
and find justice for Devon?
Man, stepping to me,
talking about who killed
his father, whoopty-whoo.
He ain't even talked
to his father for years.
You know what
I'm saying? Like...
Damien Richards.
And who are you?
Detective Reagan. This is
my partner Detective Baez.
Some very nice colors
you gentlemen have on.
Hmm.
Aren't those
the same colors
used by the Ace Double Treys?
Ace Treys?
Yeah.
Nah, we're more like a, um...
a men's group.
A men's group?
You know, like drum circles
and talking about our
feelings, you know?
Mm-hmm.
That sort of thing.
So you don't happen
to know anything about
the death of Shawn Hutchins?
Who?
Shawn Hutchins,
also known as Shy.
Shy.
Yeah.
Hey, you know what?
I did know Shy.
He actually helped me out
with my chess game,
he was a really good dude.
I mean, I don't know
who killed him, though.
But someone did kill him.
Is that what you're saying?
Just a guess.
So you two hung out
and played chess, is that it?
I picked up the game when I was
serving a little time upstate.
So I wanted to get better
at it, and then Shy, he...
I think he just wanted
somebody to talk to.
What'd you talk about?
His son.
You know, I'm guessing
it's just 'cause me and him
were around the same age.
But that dude Eric was nothing
like his father said he was.
Hold on, you... you've met Eric?
Yeah, he came around here
asking questions.
How'd that go?
Well, his dad thought
he was so smart.
Truth is, he was really lucky
that me and my boys understand
that family can make
you act stupid.
But he might not be
so lucky next time.
That a threat?
It's the truth.
Now, if you want anything else,
call my lawyer.
Okay.
We'll let you get back
to your men's group.
Thank you.
Hey.
What are we doing here?
Can't a father buy
his soon a beer?
Eh, not this particular father,
this last-minute.
Sid Gormley came to me
for a favor.
Ah. Yeah.
Just trying to do
a good cop a solid, Dad.
There's no trap doors here,
it just is what it is.
Yeah, well, why didn't you
come to me directly?
You kind of have
a very clear policy
against any kind of hook
for any of us.
Well, making Sid your beard
isn't much of a workaround.
No, never had
a good poker face, did he?
Yeah. Hope you didn't
pay him up front.
Look, whatever policy
you think stands
never means that I don't want to
have the conversation with you.
Okay.
So let's have it. Can you make
this happen for her?
What's this? A do-over?
Yeah. I'm taking a mulligan.
Doesn't work that way.
You know, I don't think...
I've ever heard you
mention her before.
She never came up before.
Do you know she thinks you blame
yourself for her accident?
Yeah.
And I may blame myself for a lot
of things, but not that.
There was, uh...
There was a lot of things
going on back then
with Linda and the boys. Yeah.
It's all in
the rearview now, Dad.
Detective Costa, too?
Laura was there for me.
As a friend and as a fellow
detective when Linda died.
There was nothing more to it.
Danny, I'm not saying there was.
I'm just...
trying to do a good cop a solid.
Well, and I believe you 100%.
You, me and Pop...
we have a lot of things
in common
that we worked hard
to make stick.
Mm-hmm.
But one thing...
just...
happened to all three of us.
We lost our wives way too soon.
Yeah.
Me and Pop, we...
Well, we made our peace, but...
you were way younger.
Maybe don't follow
our footsteps that way.
What the hell
are you thinking?
You went and confronted the
Ace Double Treys on your own?
You trying to get
yourself killed?
I had to know if my dad
had fallen so low
as to deal
with criminals.
When we gave you a green light
to come to the park with us,
it wasn't a green light to go
investigating yourself.
You don't get what it's like
to lose someone like this.
Yes, I do.
Look...
I know when you lose
someone unexpectedly,
there's a lot of things
you want to go back and say.
But you can't.
Your father wouldn't
want this for you.
And he certainly wouldn't
want you to end up dead.
I just lost it.
We had our differences,
but I never thought
he would end up hanging
with guys like that.
I mean, my dad, a criminal.
We don't know that. Please.
He starts hanging
with gangbangers,
next thing you know he's gone?
It's obviously connected.
Well, if it is,
we'll find out how.
In the meantime,
you need to stay out of the
way and let me do my job.
Okay?
Look, for whatever's it's worth,
you should know that
your old man really loved you.
You read those letters?
Yes.
And?
Did you find anything?
I didn't find anything
that could help us
with the case,
but maybe there's something
in there that can help you.
You should read them.
Won't matter.
Why?
Because it's too late.
Late last year, a man was
attacked on the subway
by a group of kids.
Aside from the victim,
there were no witnesses,
surveillance or leads.
Until, of course,
when Devon Clay
walked into a precinct
and made a confession.
What else do you have?
Tell us what
you got first.
What, you don't trust me?
Fine.
As you know, Devon was
a first-time offender.
My investigator and I spoke
with members of the community.
They all agree Devon was--
is-- a good kid.
So, you got nothing that
wasn't in the case file?
I reinterviewed the victim.
He said Devon was on the
sidelines for the entire attack.
Apparently in tears.
Well, that's contrary
to what was first reported.
We spoke with the detective
that took his confession.
It was a win for them,
so they never looked back.
Their interrogation questions
were a joke.
They didn't even press the kid
to give up his friends.
Then maybe we should.
Press Devon to give up his crew.
Do you want to play
good cop or bad cop?
I got an idea
which one she'll pick.
I guess I'll see you
at Rikers then.
You've been here
for six months, Devon.
It's time you tell the truth.
I'm not interested.
Come on, kid. This is
your chance to come clean.
And if you don't,
my office will throw
the book at you.
And that's a promise.
Then do it. I'm not scared.
You know, we've asked around.
We know that you've been running
around with a different crowd.
Your mother said
that these kids didn't go
to high school with you.
I'm allowed to have friends.
Are your new friends
part of a gang?
You're a bad liar,
you know that?
That assault looked
a lot like
a gang initiation.
And if it was, we're gonna
add gang assault
to your current charges.
That's five more years.
Five more?
Unless you tell us
exactly what happened.
Even the victim said
you were in tears
at the scene.
We know you regret this.
Tell us what really happened.
They told me...
we were just gonna record
a few pranks for TikTok.
Who did? Give us names.
I can't.
Did they threaten you?
Your family?
My little brother.
We can protect him.
Okay? It's not too late, Devon.
Let us help you.
Great job.
Told you I know my way
around a car.
Let's check out a later model.
This one runs by computers.
Why don't you go ahead
and plug it in?
I got this.
Mm-hmm.
A lot-- a lot has changed...
Since what? I got locked up?
I can figure this out.
Well, let me help you.
I'm not stupid.
We didn't say you were.
Then why do you keep talking
to me like I am?
Liam, we're just...
Hey, I got this.
Hey.
I'm really sorry, I...
I really need your help.
He's a good guy.
I can vouch for him, trust me.
I'll give him a shot.
I got the job?
Apprenticeship.
That's a start.
Well, I had that
drink with Danny
the other night.
So? What'd he say?
Well, you know him.
Not much
you can pin him down on.
Did you expect him
to open up about his love life?
No, not at all.
So what's
bothering you?
Come on.
I've known you since
the day you were born.
I guess maybe what
I said to him.
You guess? Maybe?
Well, I-I gave him
a piece of advice and...
maybe I overstepped.
I told him not
to follow in my footsteps.
Where getting remarried
is concerned.
That'd be our footsteps.
Well, I think I said "our,"
but I...
I-I wasn't trying
to speak for you.
I would've said the same thing.
Actually, I kind of
surprised myself.
I thought I had all
that stuff, you know...
locked deep
in the archives, but...
In the "regret" section?
No, not really.
I just never met the one
I couldn't live without.
Second time.
What about you?
Well, I was cursed
with the roaming eye.
But Betty made all that go away.
Because...
she was one in a million.
As for the rest of the million,
I knew that I'd just go back
to being the way I was.
As nature intended.
Go ahead and laugh,
but I know me.
Toward the end...
Toward the end, Mary made me
promise I wouldn't be alone.
Even served up a list
of candidates.
Sounds just like her.
Wait.
That means you didn't keep
your promise.
No, I did.
Way my life is now...
I'm hardly ever alone.
You're still on the hook
for Danny, though.
He wouldn't have gone to all
the trouble that he has
unless this meant a hell
of a lot to him.
So, what are you gonna be?
His boss or his dad?
Hey, Detective.
What do we got?
Suspect is armed,
holding multiple hostages.
Has he made any demands?
Just one.
To talk to you.
Okay, I'm...
I'm heading in.
Excuse me?
I'm gonna enter
the building.
Absolutely not.
We got multiple hostages
being held up by a guy
who only wants
to talk to me.
This is how I'm
gonna do it.
Hey.
Liam.
Put the gun down.
I messed up, man.
Is anyone hurt?
I just came in
to ask a question.
And he-he was rude to me. Hey.
Hey.
And he wouldn't listen.
And you were
wrong, all right?
People do not do
simple favors out here.
It's just like
it was inside.
It's dog eat dog.
Put the gun down, Liam.
It's too late, man.
It's not.
We can work this out.
I can't.
I don't want to shoot you, Liam.
But I will.
You can have a whole new life.
Think about what
you're about to give up.
Give up?
It's what I'm about to get back.
Inside, I know what's what.
Out here...?
I'm lost.
That's not true.
Think about before.
Look around.
There's no "before"
for me anymore.
Put the gun down, Liam.
Okay, so, I held
the gun on the guy
while I emptied the register,
I took the hostages,
that's got to be worth, what,
like five to seven?
I'm not a D.A.
But enough to put me
back inside for a stretch.
I would think so, yeah.
I, uh, I spoke to Damien
from the Ace Double Treys
this morning.
I knew it.
I knew it was him.
No, actually, it wasn't him.
Whatever you
think about him,
Damien really
respected your dad.
In fact, he put his life
on the line
to tell me who it was
that sold your dad fentanyl.
Wait... fentanyl?
Yeah. You should also know
that before he passed, your dad
met with his lawyer again.
To change his will.
What are you saying?
I'm saying...
that your dad knew
he was gonna die.
He intended to.
He... killed himself?
We're not certain.
We're waiting for the
toxicology results to come back
from the M.E.'s office,
but that's the
way it looks.
No.
I'm sorry.
He was alone.
And his last remaining
family member
wouldn't even talk to him?
The guilt will crush you
if you let it.
Trust me, I know.
What am I supposed to do?
Your father changed his will.
To leave
everything to you.
He loved you.
And he didn't blame you
for any of this.
He didn't.
It's all here.
You just got to read it.
I can't.
You can.
Eric, you should.
It's okay.
Based on the information
that Devon provided,
my office is working on a deal
to have him transferred
to a reentry program.
So he's free?
Not yet, but soon.
Thank you so much.
You've changed his life,
my family's life,
for the better.
I just did
what's right.
And what you did is more
than earned my endorsement.
Madam D.A.
Actually, there's someone else
you should be thanking, too.
Surprise.
It's your lucky day.
Two prosecutors
for the price of one.
I don't know what to say.
Well, you can start
with I'm sorry
for using the both of you
in my little game.
It's not a game.
It's politics.
And my endorsement
is worth a lot.
We're not interested.
But we are interested
in the fancy car out front.
Excuse me?
You know that sweet red Ferrari?
That's yours, right?
Yeah.
It's an awfully nice car
for a preacher.
I've been blessed.
Yeah, so you claim.
We've actually opened
a fraud investigation
into your latest charity.
Apparently,
there's been
some evidence about
misallocation of funds?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Is that so?
'Cause I caught wind
of it after talking
to your congregation
while investigating
your nephew's case.
But we're sure that,
you know, the car and...
And the jewelry you're wearing.
We're sure it's all been
paid for out of pocket.
But don't worry.
We'll do whatever it takes
to uncover the truth.
That's right.
Which you know now quite well.
I'm sure we will be
seeing you around.
Hey.
Oof.
Place is a little fancy
for you, isn't it?
Yeah, it's homey.
I almost got stuck
to the floor on the way in.
Yeah, I kind of
dragged some lowlife
out of here before
you walked in.
I bet.
Um, is Manhattan
still your poison?
Sure is.
Steve, can I have
a Manhattan, please?
You got it.
Thanks.
Been a while since we did this.
Yeah.
It's nice to be seen
outside of work.
I thought we should celebrate
your retirement and...
also the fact that
you'll be granted
your full disability pension.
You're serious?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, my God.
Danny, that's...
That's amazing,
I-I don't know what to say.
I can't thank you enough.
You don't have to thank me.
It's what you deserve.
And hopefully it'll help you out
with whatever comes next.
Thanks.
It's going to be so weird
not coming in
to the squad every day,
seeing everyone...
Well, you'll still see us.
This coming from the guy
always juggling
a thousand cases?
I know. Well, you'll see me.
I hope so.
The meatballs are
exceptional today.
Thank you, Sean.
Have mine.
Well, I guess not
everyone agrees.
No, just not hungry.
Yeah, you haven't been
talking much either.
Yeah, you feeling okay?
Yep, fine.
Well, sometimes when
people say they're fine,
what they really mean
is the acronym FINE.
What are you talking about?
F-I-N-E:
freaked out, insecure, neurotic,
and emotional.
Maybe we ought to
leave this alone.
Thanks.
Well, I would say
your Sunday best
looks better than usual.
Erin.
What? I'm just saying that...
Uh...
I...
Yeah, you got a hot date
or something?
Actually...
Oh, my God, he does.
Whoa.
Ooh.
No-- well, I was wondering
why you were glowing.
I'm not glowing, okay?
It's not a big deal,
it's just dinner.
That's why I'm
not eating.
That's great, Dad.
Thank you.
Well, what's her name?
I want to know everything.
20 bucks
she's in law enforcement.
I'll take that action.
I'm going with medical examiner.
Ooh, macabre.
Ooh.
And maybe it's nobody's business
around this table.
Maybe Danny needs
a little privacy.
It's okay, Dad. It's okay.
Her name is Laura Acosta.
Detective Laura Acosta.
20 bucks, please.
Yeah, yeah.
Pay up, buddy.
Where you taking her?
Manducatis.
Ooh, fancy.
You said it wasn't a big deal.
It's not!
That's a big deal.
Maybe a little.
Want my advice?
No, not particularly.
Strong eye contact.
That's the key.
That's weird.
You have to listen.
I mean, really listen.
And don't drink too much.
Or eat too much.
And stay off your phone.
But mostly just don't think
about it.
Yeah, simple.
Got it.
Any advice from you?
Take your time and be yourself.
And whatever you do,
lie about how crazy
your family is.
Best advice I've gotten
all night. Yeah.
Captioning sponsored by CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org